New Term Entry: Java String `.replace()` Method (#657)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/strings/terms/replace/replace.md

---
Title: '.replace()'
Description: 'Takes a string and returns a new string where a given char or CharSequence is replaced with another char or CharSequence.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The `.replace()` String method takes a string and replaces a given char or `CharSequence` with another char or `CharSequence`, returning the new string.

Reviewer: Can we place the reference to the capitalized string object in some backticks? `String`.

Reviewer: Do you think we can either include some info here about the difference between `CharSequence` and just `char`? I get that one is a "sequence of char values" but I noticed it's not mentioned in the [data types](codecademy.com/resources/docs/java/data-types)

---
Title: '.replace()'
Description: 'Takes a string and returns a new string where a given char or CharSequence is replaced with another char or CharSequence.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The `.replace()` `String` method takes a string and replaces a given char or `CharSequence` with another char or `CharSequence`, returning the new string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.replace()` `String` method takes a string and replaces the given char or `CharSequence` with another char or `CharSequence`, returning the new string.
```

> The `.replace()` `String` method takes a string and replaces the given char or `CharSequence` with another char or `CharSequence`, returning the new string.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `.replace()` method belongs to the `String` class and returns a new string where all instances of a given value is switched with a new value. 
```

> A char represents a single character while `CharSequence` is the interface representing a sequence of characters. The `String` class is one implementation of this interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

This could be incorporated down below in the "Syntax" section, I think.

## Syntax

```pseudo

> string.replace(char oldValue, char newValue)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
string.replace(char oldValue, char newValue);
```

> string.replace(CharSequence oldValue, CharSequence newValue)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
string.replace(CharSequence oldValue, CharSequence newValue);
```

> string.replace(char oldValue, char newValue);
> 
> string.replace(CharSequence oldValue, CharSequence newValue);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
string.replace(char oldValue, char newValue);
```

```

> In both cases the result will be a new `string` with all instances of `oldValue` replaced with `newValue`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A char represents a single character. Other legitimate values that can be applied to the `.replace()` method include the following:

- An instance of the `Character` class that resolves to a single character.
- A `CharSequence` interface that represents a sequence of characters (the `String` class is one implementation of this interface).

In any case, the returned result will always be a new `String` object with all instances of `oldValue` replaced with the `newValue`.
```

## Example

> In the example below, a substring in `s`, "Hello", is replaced with "Goodbye" and reassigned:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The example below tests a string `s` with the usage of char values, `Character` instances, and a `CharSequence` where a substring, "Hello", is replaced with "Goodbye" and reassigned:
```

```java
public class ReplaceMe {
  public static void main(String args[]) {

>     String s = "Hello World!";
>     s = s.replace("Hello","Goodbye");
>     System.out.println(s);
>     // Output: Goodbye World!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    String s = "Hello World!";
    System.out.println("Original String: " + s);

    char testA = 'e';
    System.out.println("With primitive char: " + s.replace(s.charAt(2), testA));

    Character testB = new Character('o');
    System.out.println("With Character class: " + s.replace(s.charAt(6), testB));

    CharSequence testC = "Goodbye";
    System.out.println("With CharSequence: " + s.replace("Hello", testC));
```

  }
}

> ```

Reviewer 3: Let's add a sentence with output snippet below here, like so:

The output will look like this:

```shell

Output:
Original String: Hello World!
With primitive char: Heeeo Wored!
With Character class: Hello oorld!
With CharSequence: Goodbye World!
```

---
Title: '.replace()'

> Description: 'Takes a String and replaces a given char or CharSequence with another given char or CharSequence.'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a new string where a given char or CharSequence replaced with another char or CharSequence.'
```

Subjects:

>   - 'Computer Science'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
```

Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The `.replace()` String method takes a string and replaces a given char or CharSequence with another given char or CharSequence.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `.replace()` String method takes a string and replaces a given char or `CharSequence` with another char or `CharSequence`, returning the new string.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
string.replace(char oldValue, char newValue)

> ```
> 
> ```pseudo
> string.replace(CharSequence oldValue, CharSequence newValue)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

string.replace(CharSequence oldValue, CharSequence newValue)
```

```

> In both cases the result will be `string` with all instances of `oldValue` replaced with `newValue`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In both cases the result will be a new `string` with all instances of `oldValue` replaced with `newValue`.
```

## Example

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

In the example below, a substring in `s`, "Hello", is replaced with "Goodbye" and reassigned:

```

```java

> public class ReplaceMe{
>   public static void main(String args[]){

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
public class ReplaceMe {
  public static void main(String args[]) {
```

    String s = "Hello World!";
    s = s.replace("Hello","Goodbye");

>     System.out.println(s);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    System.out.println(s);
    // Output: Goodbye World!
```

  }
}
```

> Output:
> 
> ```pseudo
> Goodbye World!
> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
